Define application lifecycle events by subclassing (#2678)
beeware/toga: docs/reference/api/app.rst

Background apps are not supported on mobile, web and console platforms.

Life cycle of an app
--------------------

Regardless of what an application does, every application goes through the same
life cycle of starting, running, and shutting down.

Application startup is handled by the :meth:`~toga.App.startup` method described above.
:meth:`~toga.App.startup` *cannot* be an asynchronous method, as it runs *before* the
App's event loop is started.

All other events in the life cycle of the app can be managed with event handlers.
:class:`toga.App` defines the following event handlers:

* :meth:`~toga.App.on_running` occurs as soon as the app's event loop has started.

> * :meth:`~toga.App.on_exit` occurs when the app wishes to exit. The handler for this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :meth:`~toga.App.on_exit` occurs when the user tries to exit. The handler for this
```
